ADC/ReadME.md, before:

Title:
    STM32 Peripherial ADC driver

Decription:
    Directory contains source and header files, which were build to help others in working with ADC.
    
    Main purpose of ADC driver (STM32 peripherial) is to store functions and macros whiich will simplify workflow with ADC. Least but not last purpose is to make all firmwares of Perła, universal. This will help in locating, analyziing and debuging errors in software.


    NOTE:
    Drivers in being built using registers and low-level features of ADC controller embedded in STM32 cores. Driver is universal for almost all ttype of STM32 cores

Application:
    Author of this driver will provide documentation with detailed description of main purpose of functionalities. In IDE programmer can obtain common description of functions. Detailed decription of parameters and return values will be located in documentation.

Files listing: 
    1. Inc/adc_driver.h - function prototypes, macros, structs 2. Inc/stm32_family.h - macros of stm32 families definition 3. Src/adc_driver.c - functions' bodies, variables' definitions

Status:
    General:
        Driver build is done. Code needs tests and review.
        Using drtiver's features without Kacper Lasota permission is forbidden.

    Detailed:
        1. Inc/adc_driver.h   [DONE]
        2. Inc/stm32_family.h [DONE]
        3. Src/adc_driver.c   [DONE]

Author:
    Bartosz Rychlicki
    bartoszrychl@student.agh.edu.pl


    AGH Eko-Energy
    Software department

Commit message:

Driver's function are now tested. Everything works corretly. Status of driver is written n ReadME. Driver needs non-algorithical changes like nnaming variables. After merging, driiver is ready to use in applications.

ADC/ReadME.md, after:

Title:
    STM32 Peripherial ADC driver

Decription:
    Directory contains source and header files, which were build to help others in working with ADC.
    
    Main purpose of ADC driver (STM32 peripherial) is to store functions and macros whiich will simplify workflow with ADC. Least but not last purpose is to make all firmwares of Perła, universal. This will help in locating, analyziing and debuging errors in software.


    NOTE:
    Drivers in being built using registers and low-level features of ADC controller embedded in STM32 cores. Driver is universal for almost all ttype of STM32 cores

Application:
    To ensure that code won't blow HardFault, please call Init function when working with ADC. Note that, when dual mode is need, call Init_Multimode function in IInit function of ADC Slave (MX_ADC_Init)

Files listing: 
    1. Inc/adc_driver.h   - function prototypes, macros, structs 
    2. Inc/stm32_family.h - macros of stm32 families definition 
    3. Src/adc_driver.c   - functions' bodies, variables' definitions

Status:
    General:
        Driver build is done. Code tests are done. Driver supports functionalities like:
            - ADC Non-Continous Conversion
            - ADC Continous Conversion
            - ADC with DMA Normal mode
            - ADC with DMA Circual mode
            - ADC Multimode

    Detailed:
        1. Inc/adc_driver.h   [DONE]
        2. Inc/stm32_family.h [DONE]
        3. Src/adc_driver.c   [DONE]
    
    Note: Driver needs refactor of namiing several functions and variiables. Also needs small optimalization

Author:
    Bartosz Rychlicki
    bartoszrychl@student.agh.edu.pl


    AGH Eko-Energy
    Software department
